[Music]
hi hello I hope you and your families
are well and healthy at the moment in
this video I'm going to be showing you
my morning routine whilst self isolating
in quarantine not of the world is
currently in the same conditions at the
moment I wanted to share my tips and
tricks to stay in sane and having a good
positive routine whilst we're in this
time if you're someone who usually has a
really busy schedule outside of the
house it's quite nice to sort of realign
with yourself and put some like
practices into place that you've never
tried before so in the time that you
usually like commuted to work say in the
morning you can take that a little bit
of extra time to spend with yourself and
something I really like incorporating
and it's quite new to my routine because
I know it it's like you know when you
get up in the morning usually and you go
straight to work you're just an eruption
you don't really want to take ten
minutes just to sit still like you want
to be like on the go go go and so
something that happened trainings like
meditating or yoga in the morning just a
ten-minute stretch but wow that's made
such difference I think it's so
important at this time to share some of
these tips with you guys because I know
it'll be so so helpful when I initially
first started working for myself like
working from home I found it so hard to
get into a routine so I feel like I've
mastered a few of these I'm gonna do
voiceover over my morning routine but
like kind of explained everything and as
we go along but I really hope you
enjoyed this video if you could give it
a like I'd really appreciate it and it
helps my channel and everything like
that so let's get right into it
hello from the voiceover so it's in it's
been in corn seed we have been keeping
our alarm set so today we got up at 6:00
and just as normal I always set the
alarm intend to get up first out of
Mason and I have a quick stretch and
straight off obviously opening blinds up
it was such a nice day and it's so much
easier isn't it when it
sunny you know morning so I always make
my bed first off like this is just a
complete habit and I'd really recommend
making sure that's the first thing you
do I don't know why it just makes you
feel so productive just to get the day
started and I feel like if my bed's not
made
I don't feel right within myself so yeah
and then just putting my slippers on and
heading into the bathroom and brushing
my teeth I'm usually bit in a zombie at
this point when I've just woken up and
then I go into my little wardrobe room
and just get my clothes out I always
think it's the best just to get dressed
first so that you can't get back into
bed and you instantly feel like that bit
more productive so I'm popping on some
bright Jim wires it's a nice sunny day
and I just wanted to brighten it up a
bit and getting changed straight away
and and I always just wear active wear
like first in the morning cuz I used to
do a workout and then I just should like
jump on pop some moisturizer on my face
and a bit of concealer and everything
and of course deodorant I need forgot
this actually this day and then I'm
pretty much ready and today I'm just
throwing my crazy hair up and popping it
into like a high ponytail couldn't
believe it was such a gorgeous day so
what happened doing in a morning since
been in quarantine is making sure I
meditate and not give myself any excuses
I like to just go into YouTube and find
like a ten minute one that I like the
sound of their voice that's not so you
must make sure you test their voice at
first because of the way that can be
quite difficult so I just went through
this ten minute higher-self meditation
it's a really good one
I'll leave the link down in the
description I'd really recommend popping
some headphones in just as I think it's
every easiest to like get into the zone
this is not something that like I've
always done but I've noticed such a
difference in like just my stress levels
on a whole and I just feel like I've
been concentrate and I feel a lot
clearer and then I had done stared to
let the now me out and feed her it's
been so nice actually since I've been at
home all the time to spend a bit more
time with her
and have more puppy snuggles which I
think she's been quite appreciating as
well so I've been starting my day with
my usual morning coffee I have been a
little bit more mindful of like how many
coffee I'm having you know like I don't
need to be having four coffees in a day
if I'm sat down on the laptop for quite
a big chunk of that then something that
had been implemented since being self
isolated is just writing down three
things in the morning that I'm grateful
for with my morning coffee this can just
be in like your daily to-do list or any
like blank pad and pen but I just
recommend doing this because it just
gets your day after on like a real
positive stop then once I have written
my to-do list down for the day this is
when I get my workout in I find getting
my exercise in early in the morning
whether that's a workout or like getting
outside on a walk and then I just set up
my little home workout I just use like a
yoga mat but you could use like a rug or
anything but yeah I just say keep your
workouts like as normal I'm still taking
my pre-workout for energy planning my
sessions and most importantly having
like a schedule and trying to keep to
that each day just so that I can't you
know make excuses and whatnot and I'm
also training like I'm separating my
body parts
[Music]
that first workout you can do at home
zero equipment even better if you've got
some fans just with some extra
resistance and this next part I'm going
to use some ways if you don't have like
any dumbbells just use like a bag of
rags a candle just get crazy beatnik you
could do either two workouts or both if
you want something extremely intense but
yeah I just thought I'd give like a bit
more of variety in this I know everyone
has ways
[Music]
just finish my leg workout and one thing
I just thought I'd mentioned is if you
are working out from home as well just
make sure you keep like for your little
environment tidy because it's so easy
like I left the weights out I was like I
can't be bothered to tide you the rest
then the whole house just got messy so I
think just little habits just like
things you finish ship them away so
they're not just in the way and you're
not tripping over that stuff so I'm just
setting the tone and tidy and stuff away
and popping some candles on you know I'm
just trying to have like more relaxed
morning's lately with everything going
on and I'm also putting on a really
chilled out playlist on my kitchen
speakers I'm just about to make some
breakfast I'm just going to have some
almond arrived bread with avocado some
poached eggs I'm making some for Mason
as well and some turkey rashes and then
I'm also going to make a green protein
smoothie as well cuz I'm quite hungry
it's something I find really helps on
mental health on a whole especially from
in stuff it's just eating well and
having loads of vitamins minerals you
know from like fruits and veg I
absolutely love avocado and but now more
than ever you know you're gonna be at
home thinking about food more so I'd say
make sure you're having like good
nutritious feeling meals that are like
more wholesome and you know like
something like cereal that isn't that an
feeling it doesn't really fill you up
for long or I personally don't find it
does and so yeah something like this is
healthy and feeling and it's not too
heavy as well if you watch them about
what a in a day videos you guys must
know by now how much I love my smoothies
but now more than ever this is a really
good opportunity to shove like whatever
fruit and veggies you've got in your
fridge and pop it in a blender with some
protein and you can make a really nice
shake you can't really go too wrong as
well and just really quick and easy like
if you're someone who doesn't really
like spending much time in the kitchen
what I love with these as well you get a
lot of volume for like what's actually
in them which is my favorite cuz I've
got quite a big appetite so it's quite
good when
you're cutting or like trying to lower
your body fat so I'm just sprinkling
some and chilli flakes and garlic
granules which the garlic might sound a
bit weird but honestly makes such a big
difference so let me know - do try this
breakfast anyway cuz I really hope you
enjoyed this video I hope it was useful
do let me know if you try or incorporate
any of these into your morning routine
and how you get on I would love to hear
about it and I'll see you guys in and it
also does any of the videos that would
be helpful for you at the moment and do
let me know in the comments down below
and I'll see you guys in the next video